docs(dark-mode): add usage of color-scheme (#1346)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/theming/dark-mode.md

<!-- Codepen https://codepen.io/ionic/pen/zYOpQLj -->
<docs-codepen preview="false" user="ionic" slug="zYOpQLj" height="600px" default-tab="js,result"></docs-codepen>

## Adjusting System UI Components

> When developing a dark theme, you may notice that certain system UI components are not adjusting to dark mode properly. To fix this you will need to specify the `color-scheme`. At the time of writing, this is supported in Safari and will be implemented in Chrome soon.

Reviewer: Instead of saying at the time of writing, since this will be outdated in no time, can we link to a page that shows support? Maybe this one: https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5330651267989504

While you may be using Ionic components instead of just the native components, `color-scheme` can also affect aspects of your application such as the scrollbar. In order to use `color-scheme` you will need to add the following HTML to the `head` of your application:

```html
<meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark" />
```

This allows the page to indicate which color scheme it is comfortable being rendered with. Alternatively, you can add the following CSS to do this on a per-element basis:

```css
color-scheme: light dark;
```

> <docs-codepen preview="false" user="ionic" slug="dyorvLd" height="300px" default-tab="result"></docs-codepen>

Author: I would love some feedback on this codepen re: how I can spruce it up and not make it look so bland

Reviewer: Does this need a Codepen? What if we made it an image that shows scrollbars in each mode or something?

<!-- Codepen https://codepen.io/ionic/pen/zYOpQLj -->
<docs-codepen preview="false" user="ionic" slug="zYOpQLj" height="600px" default-tab="js,result"></docs-codepen>

## Adjusting System UI Components

> When developing a dark theme, you may notice that certain system UI components are not adjusting to dark mode properly. To fix this you will need to specify the `color-scheme`. See [color-scheme Browser Compatibility](https://caniuse.com/#feat=mdn-html_elements_meta_name_color-scheme) for details on cross browser support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing a dark theme, you may notice that certain system UI components are not adjusting to dark mode properly. To fix this you will need to specify the `color-scheme`. See the <a href="https://caniuse.com/#feat=mdn-html_elements_meta_name_color-scheme" target="_blank">browser compatibility for color-scheme</a> for details on cross browser support.
```

> While you may be using Ionic components instead of just the native components, `color-scheme` can also affect aspects of your application such as the scrollbar. In order to use `color-scheme` you will need to add the following HTML to the `head` of your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you may be mainly using Ionic components instead of only native components, `color-scheme` can also affect aspects of your application such as the scrollbar. In order to use `color-scheme` you will need to add the following HTML to the `head` of your application:
```
